Speculative fiction
  In 1995, a technology inadvertently swept through society and the social climate changed dramatically. All of this was caused by a small technology application, 
and it all started with the birth of beauty applications.
	In today's society, people have two looks, one is their original look, which is the first image, and the other is the look preserved by the camera, which is the second image. 
Between these two looks, there are undiscovered secrets. No one has ever tried to explore the connection between the two, so everything is the original unchanged appearance. 
When the appearance is unchanged, they have low self-esteem because their faces are unsatisfying, they suffer because no one is willing to accept their bodies, and they are 
depressed because they are born with fewer opportunities to talk to people on an equal footing and make friends than others.
	Since the beauty application technology was born in response, an application attached to digital technology was born. In this year, digital cameras officially entered people's 
attention, and the carrier of images gradually changed from physical film to digital. The beauty application relies on the digitalization to produce the effect.
"This advertising slogan, born with the beauty technology, perfectly describes people's inner needs at this time. Since people are thirsty for beauty, they are also eager for 
their own brilliance. Since they cannot change their first image, they can change their second image which is easy to start. As the advertising slogan says, facial features 
and looks are inherent, and the technology of today's society cannot modify and change them from the physical level, which further stimulates people's thirst for beauty 
applications. Just ask the beauty technology you use to take your photos, your second image to another level when everyone is on the same level. They can't criticize you 
from high to low, and will even envy, as well as crave your looks. But before using beauty technology, you couldn't even talk to them, you didn't have that confidence and 
they didn't have that patience. This is the best time, a time to restore confidence, in today's computer and Internet weight gradually increased, a beauty technology to 
form a photo is enough to save a person's life!
	This year, windows 95 system appeared, it swept the world, so that all people have a better quality of access to the Internet platform, and this also gave those who did not 
  have confidence, a restoration of confidence, a platform for rebirth. In the new world that all people need to explore, those who do not have confidence in real life, 
  simply need to bind their beauty photos with their own image on the Internet, can help them to get no discrimination and a chance to start over in the Internet. 
  It's a chance for people with various regrets to start their second life, whether it's because they have the opportunity to make their photos flawless before posting them on 
  the web. And it's worth thinking about the fact that people will take the photo "seriously" and think it's their real face. It's a good thing to realize your potential, 
  but it's also not without risk, as this behavior can lead people to mistake "fake" for "reality" and get caught up in it. When you rely too much on beauty apps to change 
  your second image, you will forget the constraints that your first image brings to you, and you will become afraid and disgusted with your first image. We all have the 
  desire to be beautiful, but not to excess.


Micro essay
  The original camera is fully functional, but just adding a little beauty function to the original camera's function without looking abrupt can change the pattern of all photos. 
The so-called beauty technology is not created out of nothing, nor is it a brand new technology. Many years ago there was the well-known face recognition function, 
as well as the Fourier change that not many people may know about. These technologies have been used and developed for many years, but the so-called innovation and new era 
does not require a lot of new technology to support and change. Combining underutilized technologies from the past with some small new ideas can result in an amazing 
"new technology". In week3, I used "New media might be here and slowly changing our user habits, but old media never left us. My quotation is used and explained. 
Here I will also take this quote and explain it for my short story. Even though beauty technology has brought convenience to people's lives and made more people fall in love 
with selfies, beauty technology is still a parasitic product attached to traditional cameras. It is not a dissatisfaction with the basic camera, nor is it a disdain for beauty 
technology, although from the perspective of the product beauty technology does belong to the new media, but in its own sense, it is more like an intermediate product between 
the past and the present.
